Buckeye and the Unveiling are in the library at the Cabin to meet with Sorrel.

There are a number of fae here but a few stand out:

|:--- |
| **Hadera Helix**, a fortune teller, wants to share her gift with humans. |
| **Posey**, a baker and brewmaster is tired of hiding behind the glamour of the Sprawl. |
| **Lobelia**, a jeweler, wants to move her shop to the golden district to have better business. |
| **Lemna**, a doctor working for Alder, wants to use her magical knowledge to help heal humans. |
| **Thistle**, a tailor, wants to travel the world without having to use the Twilight to get around. |
| **Verbena**, a counselor, has seen what isolation can do to fae and wants to do her part to help. |

Buckeye introduces everyone and tells Sorrel that they are a secret society that call themselves the Unveiling. Their purpose is to free the fae from the prejudice of the two courts and reveal faerie existence to humans in hopes of finding a peaceful co-existence with them.

They're taking their time and waiting until they have stronger numbers before making any solid plan. They would like Sorrel's help with opening up to the human world. They also ask that Sorrel keep them a secret from her parents, as they might have an adverse reaction to what they might see as an uprising.

Beech texts Sorrel while shes having this conversation to make sure she is alright.

Fox has been having strange dreams that he thinks are connected to Sorrel, but has been hesitant to share them because they involve monsters. He dreams that he is an animal running through the woods, chasing something he can't see. 

Amaryllis and Larkspur

Sorrel gets drunk, kisses fox, then later transforms into dragon because of emotions and shows up at ferns crying, scare fern and ashe, maybe fern knows its sorrel by scent? Ashe scares sorrel off?



amy is unicorn, daughter of king, fled and eventually took her spot on throne

amy and lark are most recent incarnations before sorrel and fox, killed by same fyr

fyr imprisoned by oberon and titania, refers to sorrel and fox by old names