# Sorrel's Very Bad Night
After Fox and Sorrel kiss and she passes out, Fox sorts her out a little and leaves for his own room. Sorrel tosses and turns for a few hours before emotions take over and she changes into her dragon form. She flies out over the city, past the Sprawl and onto Fern's rooftop where she cries by Fern's window until she comes to check it out. Ashe is with Fern and tries to shoo Sorrel away, neither understanding what's happening, but Sorrel bites Ashe and flies away. In the clouds, she collides with a stormbird and falls out of the sky, ending up close to where she awoke.

Fern could tell it was Sorrel by her scent but kept it a secret from Ashe, who now just believes that there's a dragon out on the loose somewhere. She is conflicted because she doesn't want to dorect attention to Sorrel, but Sorrel did hurt her girlfriend while she was drunk and transformed, so she wants an apology.

Fern and Sorrel need to talk about breakup, if she knew about Sorrel's proposal, etc.

Fox doesn't remember the kiss, but he does remember taking off his shirt and feels very embarassed later on about it. He really wants to speak with Alder and discuss his position, but it might be hard to find rhe time to do that because the Blackwoods just arrived for a weekend retreat.

Hemlock doesn't like coming up here "out in the sticks" because its less fun than the city and he doesn't care much for family time, but he also doesn't get much say in the matter.

Blackwoods will want to talk about Dahlia and Jasper (they know who attacked) and will explain their side, that she saved Hemlock from an oncoming truck and, as payment, got them to sign away their half of the Sprawl, revealing that Dahlia in fact owns both halves now.

Hemlock thinks its kind of funny that Sorrel is a dragon, might tease her a little about it?



Bullet holes line rerecord




Jacob came to get Sorrel, bought an hour with Fox asleep. Astrid "came back" and Jacob doesn't know what to make of it. He shows Sorrel the view of Astrid's cell and she's pampering herself at her vanity like before, humming and touching up her makeup. Jacob tells Sorrel that she was out for long enough to cause a lot of trouble rhat might just not be apparent at the moment, and to be careful. Dahlia wiped Astrid's memory after using her to get the Blackwood half of the deed.

Jacob is relieved to have Astrid back in her cell, but while he was sick others escaped and he wants Sorrel to know about them to be safe:

Moonwort is a siren who lured a faerie prince to his death and wants a second chance at life. (thrive on dead plant matter)

Goatsbeard is a fjallvættir, a norse mountain spirit who lost a wrestling match with a wild stallion and attacked a village at the foot of his mountain in rage after he was disgraced.

Fig is a griffin who was tasked with guarding an important mage's tomb and made off with several treasures before they were eventually caught and punished.

Sorrel gets back after fighting Goatsbeard just as Fox is coming to, and Sorrel has to explain him being asleep for an hour. Embarassed, Fox asks Sorrel to not tell her dad about it.

| Threads |
|:--- |
| The Unveiling are waiting until Sorrel and Buckeye can meet again |
| Buckeye will mention complaints of new folks laying claim to the Sprawl |
| Fox is mad at Sorrel and Ashe is still very protective of her |
| Ashe is rude to Sorrel because she is against royalty, and thinks that she would have missed out on Fern if Sorrel hadn't been raised to act like a "spoiled little princess" |
| Fern takes offense to that description too and gets mad at Ashe about it |
| Malva wants Sorrel to help with and participate in a Battle of the Bands, hosted by Sanguine |
| Dahlia wants to start drilling and hasn't mentioned what happened with Jasper |
| Hemlock is bored with "family stuff" and wants to prank Sorrel for fun |
| Beech sneaks Sorrel a warning, a pre-apology, and a bag of supplies but can't stop Hemlock |
| Hemlock tries to prank Sorrel with a paintball gun? Paintball b/w Hemlock and Oyster, Sorrel and Fox |
| All parents upset about paintball, both kids get blamed but Sorrel's dad tells her later that he knows she didn't start anything |

Scar Story Rewrite
- Basil is cause? Could have happened with switch
- Basil dropped baby fox in swamp to die
- Found by someone and brought to fire station but not before animal bite


need to establish why fae cant just live in nogarap (dangerous? makes them feral after extended periods)

Alder creates a fae law to keep the Unveiling from revealing themselves and Dahlia helps them find a workaround by turning humans into fae?

Hydrangea "Heidi" the Unicorn Traveler

Light bullets for sorrel at some point? scorch bullets?

BOTB victory kiss

