Sorrel was kidnapped by Jasper in attempt to lure Alder into a trap, but Fox saved her with help from his police contacts.

Fox used Sorrel's phone and the weird address in her backpack to find her, finding fae photos in the meantime.

Jasper disappeared but Fox knows its him that they're after.

## DREAM 1
Sorrel finds herself in the Twilight again, surrounded by the purple deer. A black arrow flies through the trees and pierces her heart, but she feels no pain. Mushrooms start to sprout from the wooden shaft of the arrow and she is quickly engulfed. Fingers wrap around her hand and she can feel herself being lifted up and out of the dark. Its her grandmother again, this time pressing the small brown and gold book into Sorrel's hand. Sorrel wakes up.

Alder isn't happy about Sorrel's kidnapping but blames Jasper and not Fox, though he's run out of second chances and if Fox loses Sorrel again, he's fired. Alder wants to test Sorrel's blood for the same chemical they found in the Salamander.

Sorrel is grounded for sneaking out and disobeying orders, confined to her room. Entering the Twilight will eventually stop making her sick, but she doesn't exactly have anywhere she would want to go anyway.

Fox and Sorrel will get some time together alone, and he'll try to make her feel better with the bean game. Pick up the bottle, facing himself, then set it down and tell Sorrel a secret (he's a Virgo).

They find that Sorrel is recovering far more rapidly than the salamander did. Dr. Lemna, the faerie research scientist working for Alder, has stabalized the salamander and they plan to reintroduce him to the Twilight with a tracker.

## DREAM 2
Sorrel is in a field of wildflowers. The ground begins shaking and she looks over the hill to see an army, clad in smoking ash-white armor, marching in unison towards a large golden castle, high up on a black rock. Sickly looking pale dragons choke out plumes of searing ash, burning the fields away, led on a throne by a figure draped in flame. He extends a finger towards Sorrel and the dragons take wing, diving towards her. Sorrel wakes.