Sorrel and Alder are recuperating at the Giant's Kiss cabin after the fight with Jasper. Fox is on his way and Jacob is coming to talk about Buckeye soon, Fern is aware of Sorrel's current state, Dahlia saved them and wants payment, and Maple is cleaning up the political situation. They'll be claiming that it was just a gas leak and that nobody was harmed.

Alder hired Fox to keep an eye on him at Maple's request. Isn't the one to say whether or not he is fired. Maple is trying to keep Fox busy so he can't look for answers but it is having the opposite effect.
    
"You aren't losing your job."

"I understand that I didn't prepare you for the level of danger involved with keeping my daughter safe,and I'll take responsibility for that. However, if my daughter falls into dangerous hands again under your watch, you'll wish you were never born."

Jacob will probably arrive before Fox since he can travel more quickly. He's in trouble with Buckeye and the Unveiling for even mentioning the group to Sorrel, and Buckeye wants to be the one to talk about it.

Dahlia will request an official audience with Alder and Sorrel.

Jacob needs to bring the Unveiling at night after everyone's asleep and Dahlia isn't arriving for her audience with Alder until tomorrow so Sorrel and Fox have a few hours to kill. Its spring so there's no snow on the mountain for skiing and the cabin isnt the most exciting place other than that. Fox wants to talk to Alder and apologize for letting you get kidnapped again and ask the following:

1. I don't remember what happened yesterday
2. I had weird dreams about monsters 