# Getting Away
Alder ordered Sorrel and Fox to join them at a secret location to lay low after Basil's attack. No phones, no contact once they reach the secret place.

## Arrowwood Isle
The Dananns have a private home on an island a few hours away from the city where they go to hide out.

- **Alder** is in contact with his people back in the city as they search for Basil, but he seems to have disappeared.
- **Maple** is healing and Lemna is fitting her for a cybernetic prosthesis at the private home.
- **Fox** wants to keep the secret that he's the missing Unseelie prince and get closer to Sorrel during the "break."

Arrowwood Isle is the island where Oberon grew up as a child, a secret place known only to the royal family (Fox allowed but must promise to keep the secret with his name).

## Oberon's Secret Library
Oberon built a secret room underneath an iron hatch at the bottom of a hidden well. The room is a library and collection of memoribilia from the past, Mostly flags and relics from conquered kingdoms. There is a small library here filled with histories and magical knowledge, along with a letter seemingly written by Oberon himself. The letter, however, is written in code.

---

## Light Spellbook
"Lach's acolytes are often seen as tricksters and con-artists, jesters and fools. While it is true that light magic makes illusion easy, it is also the key to illumination and obscuration. By learning how to properly wield light, one can become adept at bending perceptions of those around you bound to their primary sense of sight.

Illuminating and obscuring the truth take but a beam of light and a creative mind."

_Upgrade **Shimmer** to Shield of Light_

## Blood Spellbook
"Blood, specifically as a vector, is the difference between life and death. Without direction and magnitude, we die. Like a shark must keep moving forward, so must blood-bringers. We may be less kind, less wanted than our magical peers, but we are perhaps the most necessary, the most useful to living beings.

Blood is life and death, and as such we are as feared as we are loved."

_Healing version of blood curse_

## Fire Spellbook
"The fire spirit blesses its users from afar, gifting them powers of both destruction and creation, life and death. Searing, boiling, melting, reforming, shaping the very bane of faerie existence to its will, the fire spirit spits in the face of reality and bends it to its knees. As fire-wielders, it is our right and responsibility to use our gift to shape the world around us to our liking, as Fyr did before us."

_Spell for making faerie fire stronger_

## Letter (coded)
"I've done it. I've managed to split my spirit from my body and become something new. It has cost me everything, but the power I have access to now more than makes up for the loss. I am a spectre, bending my kingdom to my will from the shadows for endless time. My family, my legacy, traded for the chance at building a perfect world. They'll understand someday, if they ever find out the truth.

The transition has left me with but one weakness, of which I am slowly forgetting. This is no doubt a function of the spell, meant to keep my new powers in check. I've included a coded map to the gap in my armor, hopefully I can follow my own clues should it need to be relocated."

_The map is coded well and leaves only a vague clue pointing to the Antipode_